Dark current noise floor (#8157)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

- Moving some ramp fitting CI tests from JWST to STCAL. [#8060]

ramp fit

> -------

Reviewer: The underline needs one 1 more character, to match the length of the line above.

Reviewer: This whole entry needs to be moved to the top of the change log, under the unreleased section.

> - added paramete to ramp_fit to pass the average dark current that
>   will be included in the calcuation of the Poisson noise in STCAL[#8157]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- added parameter to ramp_fit to pass the average dark current that
  will be included in the calculation of the Poisson noise in STCAL [#8157]
```

Author: Fixed
